# Rosterizer

## End User License Agreement

### Last Modified on 2022/12/29

By using the Rosterizer software and any associated components (the "Software"), including any Software source code (the "Source Code"), you agree to accept all of the terms of this End User License Agreement (this "Agreement") between GameKnave Design LLC ("GameKnave") and you, the user.
**Please read this End User License Agreement carefully.**
| If you do not agree to the terms of this Agreement, please do not download, install, use, or distribute the software. |
| --- |

1. **License Grant**
  * 1.1 **License.** Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, GameKnave hereby grants you a non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, and non-transferable license during the Term to download, install, copy, and use the Software solely for personal, private/non-public, non-commercial uses. Any copies of the Software remain GameKnave's exclusive property and are subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Any distributed copies of the Software must include a copy of this Agreement and all copyright or other proprietary rights notices contained in the original.
  * 1.2 **Ownership.** You hereby acknowledge that, as between GameKnave and you, GameKnave owns all right, title, and interest, including all intellectual property rights, in and to the Software and any Source Code.
  * 1.3 **Reserved Rights.** GameKnave reserves all rights not expressly granted to you in this Agreement. Except for the limited rights and licenses expressly granted under this Agreement, nothing in this Agreement grants you or any third party any intellectual property rights or other right, title, or interest in or to the Software.
  * 1.4 **Support.** This Agreement does not entitle you to any support for the Software, unless such support is part of a Paid Feature (defined below) which you have paid the appropriate Fees for.
  * 1.5 **Source Code.** If GameKnave makes any of the Source Code available to the public, the Source Code is subject to all of the same terms, conditions, and restrictions of this Agreement.
  * 1.6 **Transition.** If GameKnave fails to update the Software for more than 18 months (as evidenced by the latest update date on the Software's Github repository located at https://github.com/TheGameKnave/Rosterizer-Source), GameKnave hereby agrees that this Agreement will automatically terminate and the Software will become "open source" and subject to the GNU Affero General Public License, located at https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0.en.html.
2. **Restrictions; License to Modifications**
  * 2.1 **Prohibited Uses.** You agree that you will not do any of the following actions with the Software, without GameKnave's explicit written permission (or as part of any Paid Features which you have paid the appropriate Fees for):
    * 2.1.1 Distribute, make copies of, or use the Software in any way except as explicitly allowed under this Agreement;
    * 2.1.2 Develop, distribute, or otherwise make available to any third party any commercial products based in any way on or including the Software or Source Code;
    * 2.1.3 Sell, rent, lease, lend, or otherwise transfer any rights in the Software to any third party; or
    * 2.1.4 Modify the Software on behalf of any third party in exchange for payment or any other consideration.

   * 2.2 **License to Modifications.** If you modify the Software in any way (whether through a public Github fork, privately, or otherwise) (your "Modifications"), you hereby grant GameKnave a non-exclusive, fully paid-up, worldwide, perpetual and irrevocable license to modify, reproduce, distribute, publicly perform and display, prepare derivative works, and transmit your Modifications for any purpose and in any media.
3. **Fees; Paid Features**
  * 3.1 **Paid Features.** GameKnave may make certain Software-related features available as a "paid" version or tier of services (the "Paid Features"), which can be found on GameKnave's Rosterizer website located at https://rosterizer.com/ (the "Site"). Your use of any Paid Features is subject to your payment of any associated Fees listed on the Site (as further detailed below in the Section entited "Fees"). The specific Paid Features that GameKnave offers may change from time to time at GameKnave's sole discretion, and GameKnave does not warrant or guarantee that any Paid Features will be available or stay available. Paid Features will be disabled by default, until GameKnave confirms that that applicable Fees are paid.
  * 3.2 **Fees.** If you sign up for any Paid Features through the Site or otherwise, you agree to pay GameKnave the fees set forth on the Site (the "Fees"). All payments must be made in US dollars. Certain Fees may be "subscription" services, which will incur periodic recurring billing, either automatically through a stored payment method or through an invoice from GameKnave. If you fail to make any payments or there is a problem processing any payment method used, GameKnave may immediately disable or terminate your access to the Paid Features.
  * 3.3 **Taxes.** All Fees and other amounts payable under this Agreement are exclusive of taxes and similar assessments. You are responsible for all taxes and charges of any kind imposed by any governmental or regulatory authority on amounts paid under this Agreement.
  * 3.4 **Circumvention.** You agree not to utilize any equipment, device, software, or other means designed to circumvent or remove any form of copy protection on any paid in connection with the Paid Features, or use the Software together with any authorization code, serial number, or other copy-protection device related to the Software or Paid Features which is not supplied by GameKnave directly.
4. **No Warranty; Limitation of Liability**
  * 4.1 **No Warranty.** THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND GAMEKNAVE HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY, OR OTHERWISE. GAMEKNAVE SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ALL WARRANTIES ARISING FROM COURSE OF DEALING, USAGE, OR TRADE PRACTICE. GAMEKNAVE MAKES NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND THAT THE SOFTWARE, OR ANY PRODUCTS OR RESULTS OF THE SOFTWARE'S USE, WILL YOU'RE YOUR REQUIREMENTS, OPERATE WITHOUT INTERRUPTION, ACHIEVE ANY INTENDED RESULT, OR BE SECURE, ACCURATE, COMPLETE, FREE OF HARMFUL CODE, OR ERROR FREE.
  * 4.2 **Limitation of Liability.** IN NO EVENT WILL GAMEKNAVE BE LIABLE UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT UNDER ANY LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY, FOR ANY (i) CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, EXEMPLARY, SPECIAL, ENHANCED, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, (ii) LOST BUSINESS, PRODUCTION, REVENUES, OR PROFITS, (iii) LOSS OF GOODWILL OR REPUTATION, (iv) USE, INABILITY TO USE, LOSS, INTERRUPTION, DELAY OR RECOVERY OF ANY DATA, OR BREACH OF DATA OR SYSTEM SECURITY; OR (v) COST OF REPLACEMENT GOODS OR SERVICES, IN EACH CASE REGARDLESS OF WHETHER GAMEKNAVE WAS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSSES OR DAMAGES OR SUCH LOSSES OR DAMAGES WERE OTHERWISE FORESEEABLE.
5. **Term; Termination; Updates**
  * 5.1 **Term.** The term of this Agreement will begin when you first download, access, or use the Software or the Source Code, and continue in perpetuity (the "Term") until otherwise terminated under this Agreement's conditions.
  * 5.2 **Termination.** GameKnave may terminate this Agreement at any time by notice to you if you are in violation of any of its terms or conditions. You may terminate this Agreement at any time by uninstalling, deleting, and ceasing use or access to the Software.
  * 5.3 **Updates.** This Agreement may be updated from time to time by GameKnave's publication of a new version on the GameKnave Rosterizer website located at [https://rosterizer.com/](https://rosterizer.com/), or at its Github respository, located at https://github.com/TheGameKnave/Rosterizer-Source, or otherwise in writing from GameKnave. This version of the Agreement will then terminate immediately upon the introduction of a new version of the Agreement. If you do not wish to be bound by the updated Agreement, you must immediately cease using, and uninstall, the Software. If you continue to use the Software, you hereby accept any new version of the Agreement in force at the time.
6. **General Terms** This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the state of California, USA, and any disputes must be resolved in the courts located in San Francisco, California. If any of this Agreement's terms are or become invalid or unenforceable, the other terms will remain valid and GameKnave and you will replace the invalid or unenforceable term with another legally effective provision meeting the same purpose. None of this Agreement's terms or conditions will be waived and no failure to comply consented to unless expressly agreed to by GameKnave. Nothing in this Agreement is or may be interpreted as a waiver of any rights that apply to GameKnave, unless agreed in writing by the Parties.